hey guys I'm back at this field I'm
gonna show you how to draw a cartoon cow
okay so we're gonna use our mechanical
present war wouldn't put any kind of
pencil for us to draw a circle first so
this circle will represent the head of
the cartoon cow okay so we're gonna use
and now I go to you soppy you could you
guys can pause the video so we can you
can get cut up and join it the circle
alright so first things we gotta talk
the head first so we're gonna make it
Megan line curve down a bigger line
curve tail the butter sauce well and
then cows and I have a pretty big mouth
alright so we're gonna draw expend the
mouse bunny oh all right so we're gonna
tie a circle do we can let it look like
a psycho alright can we go to end dose
so the nose will be right here it curved
out their nose right here okay so the
two rows they'll go to a dot in the
middle like the middle right at the
lowest row so to represent Dolorosa
alright then we gonna draw a smile so it
is one big smile all right
it didn't go to other cow no yeah cow
head so we're gonna talk this poor first
but curve out okay then we're gonna try
to hone the home would be you guys can
try a smaller or bigger if you want to
you don't have to be the same size as
mine right so you do like this they will
get other ear so the ear car looking
like a like a big leaf okay so which is
one of one curve out another one curve
in so you run like that
okay theta eyes would be pretty easy so
we're gonna sew a circle not all the way
halfway to connect those to that then
this part will represent the eye pupil
okay so how do the city another size so
I so go down all the way circle okay
don't you need nippy space so this power
bid hi people this would be the eye then
we're gonna talking your PD turn right
here turn purpose yet don't middle okay
and then we're gonna move on join to
join join the body alright so we're
gonna start off right here in curve del
okay so P curve deal so I don't like
this okay then we're gonna try it on use
the arm will be a rectangle all right I
read tinkle or okay so we're gonna play
circle right here alright then we got to
a spoon this cotton cow is eating some
soup
whoa Santana one cosmic our buck yeah I
need some condoms milk so I make a cute
okay
a delegate or his lab level a big drop
out then his hands holy they we can curl
in this part leave a little space out
you're gonna like this maybe he's eating
breakfast cereal okay under every pilot
that we see alright so leave a comment
below and what kind of three or not to
eat I've been interested already is me
all all the time
love serious okay they've gotta spot a
leg so if you know like this alright the
day we can toss a box those kind of
marks on the shell
so we can just call it in I call it all
those parts dot car at this point is as
well
okay in this part just needle all right
do we got your dad maybe just a mark
right here okay
England marker right here but here okay
right just a cotton cow takeout drawing
a big the cute tail right so that can
move me up
so like a cute little tail you know I'm
going to use an eraser we raise the
sketch nice alright okay
okay once each race so you look pretty
good okay so that's hot basically how to
draw a cartoon cow thank you guys so
much for watching and happy back with a
new feel as soon as possible